Documentation: Authorization (#3470)
neo4j/graphql: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/context-population.adoc

= Context population

The request context can be populated with a number of different values to influence the behaviour of the Neo4j GraphQL Library.

== `driverConfig`

> 

Reviewer: Is this topic missing its content? I see that there are other like that, so I'm supposing this is going to be filled later on?

== `executionContext`

> The Neo4j driver, session or transaction which will be used to execute the translated query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Neo4j driver, session or transaction which is used to execute the translated query.
```

== `jwt`

> A decoded JWT payload A decoded JWT payload which can be provided for use in authentication and authorization.

Reviewer: This would be another case where having an index page for the Authentication and Authorization would be useful.

```suggestion
A decoded JWT payload which can be provided for use in Authentication and Authorization.
```

> Takes precedence over `token` if provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It takes precedence over `token`, if provided.
```

For example:

[source, json, indent=0]
----
{
    sub: "1234567890",
    name: "John Doe",
    iat: 1516239022,
}
----

== `neo4jDatabaseInfo`

== `queryOptions`

== `token`

> The bearer token to be decoded/verified for use in authentication and authorization.

Reviewer: Not so sure about this suggestion, though:

```suggestion
The Bearer `token` to be decoded/verified for use in authentication and authorization.
```

Author: Fairly sure "bearer" should be left lower-case. 🙂

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Normally found in the `Authorization` HTTP header. Can be provided with or without authentication scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be found in the `Authorization` HTTP header and be provided with or without an authentication scheme.
For example:
```

> An example with the authentication scheme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[source, plaintext, indent=0]
----
Bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjM0NTY3ODkwIiwibmFtZSI6IkpvaG4gRG9lIiwiaWF0IjoxNTE2MjM5MDIyfQ.SflKxwRJSMeKKF2QT4fwpMeJf36POk6yJV_adQssw5c
----

> An example without the authentication scheme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you do not want to use the authentication scheme, do the following:
```
